Update to Current-State of discussion (#154)
tc39/proposal-temporal: techrecord.md

Negative durations make no sense. Therefore there is a need to have both a `plus` and a `minus` method for date/time arithmetics.
Only integer units are supported in durations and arithmetic. Expressing fractions requires the use of smaller units.

### The properties on Instant should be getXXX() methods

This comes out of [#139](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/issues/139). It's actually true that the epochNanoseconds and their ilk aren't really the value of the Instant and that the value of the Instant shouldn't be exposed. There is however a clear relation between an Instant and the epoch, so that `fromEpochNanoseconds()` and `getEpochNanoseconds()` should be the way forward.

### TimeZone objects should be a thing

There have been multiple requests that there is an interface to the time-zone data directly. For that reason we have introduced TimeZone objects. They stringify to the IANA-name of the timezone or the Offset-String in case of a pure offset.

### OffsetDateTime

> Since `TimeZone` objects are now a thing and have all the information necessary to distinguish between pure offsets and actual IANA time-zones the distinction between `OffsetDateTime` and `ZonedDateTime` has become meaningless. Therefore we are dropping `OffsetDateTime`.

Reviewer: What about the other major difference between OffsetDateTime and ZoneDateTime—their serialization? The latter writes out and reads in a bracketed time zone like "[America/New_York]", but the former does not.

Author: A tz object knows what “kind” it is while a string doesn’t. So by having tz objects that problem goes away.

Reviewer: It sounds like you want `ZonedDateTime.prototype.toString` to output a different _format_ based on whether or not its zone is a fixed offset (i.e., with or without a bracketed name), but I thought that approach had already been rejected.

And this change also introduces a gap—there is no longer a convenient means to identify the offset of a ZonedDateTime instance. The best I can come up with is `zoned.toString().match(/[+-]\d\d:\d\d/)?.[0]`, and that's obviously not something we should recommend.

Author: No because the timezone property references an object now and that can give you the offset (plus all possible offsets in a year and a bunch more)

Reviewer: But that object is a TimeZone independent of the ZonedDateTime from which it was retrieved and thus ignorant of the instant at which the UTC offset is desired... you'd have to pull out both the time zone and the instant like `zoned.getTimeZone().offset(zoned.getInstant())`, which is arguably worse than string parsing (and certainly more complex).

### Duration strings

> `Duration` objects stringify to ISO8601 duration strings and can also be created from such strings. Which makes it easier to work with durations. Any place a duration can be passed into an API either an actual `Duration` object, or a POJO with the same fields, or an ISO8601 duration string can be passed.

Reviewer: "POJO" is a bit confusing, please replace it with "object" or "plain object".

And also, if we're going to accept time zone strings in place of TimeZone objects in e.g. `withZone` and duration strings in place of Duration objects in e.g. `plus`, then why shouldn't we accept strings in place of _any_ temporal object (e.g., in `withTime`)?

Author: Because we have the cast to Duration already. Also TimeZone objects are permanent. They have a === guarantee.

So for those it’s already part of the process. 

Though it’s worth thinking more about it.

Reviewer: > Because we have the cast to Duration already. Also TimeZone objects are permanent. They have a === guarantee.

Neither of those seem relevant to this question. To make things concrete, why should some but not all of the following work?
```js
Time.fromString("12:00").plus("PT1H")
DateTime.fromString("2019-09-10T12:00").withZone("America/New_York")
Date.fromString("2019-09-10").withTime("12:00")
```

At the same time, we acknowledge the need for security and the need to eliminate leaking methods such as getting the current date/time.

For that reason we have the `Local` namespace to encapsulate all of these.

```javascript
Local.instant = ()=>Instant.fromEpochNanoseconds(<lt;epoch nanos from system&gt;);
Local.timeZone = ()=>TimeZone.for(&lt;current-timezone&gt;);
Local.zoneDateTime = ()=>Local.Instant.withZone(Local.timeZone());
Local.dateTime = ()=>Local.zonedDateTime().getDateTime();
Local.date = ()=>Local.dateTime().getDate();
Local.time = ()=>Local.dateTime().getTime();
Local.yearMonth = ()=>Local.date().getYearMonth();
Local.monthDay = ()=>Local.date().getMonthDay();
```

Which means the only actually relevant exposing methods are `Local.instant()` and `Local.timeZone()`. Which are well defined places that can be replaced for secure environments.

What isn't exposed is any exfiltration of system data via constructors or via things on the individual Temporal classes. We believe this to be a sensible compromise between usability needs and security concerns.

### Object comparisons

We have added:

>  * `Instant.compare(left, right)` - compares IntantLike objects (Instant & ZonedDateTime) by their Intant-Value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `Instant.compare(left, right)` - compares objects that have a position on the universal timeline (i.e., Instant and ZonedDateTime) by their position on it.
```
